c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\CourseOfferingApplicationProject.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\CourseOfferingApplicationProject.pdb
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\obj\Debug\CourseOfferingApplicationProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\obj\Debug\CourseOfferingApplicationProject.dll
c:\users\vchigateri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\CourseOfferingApplicationProject\obj\Debug\CourseOfferingApplicationProject.pdb
